what's going on everybody this is extra
gravy you can call me diarrhea because I
run Chico me Swiffer Sweeper because i
stayed us in that ass and you see I
clearly outplay these two guys here as
you know I died and i chose to spawn
there in the corner so clearly they were
outplayed so i did a good move by
spawning there that sarcasm if you can't
figure that out the spawns in this game
are absolutely terrible i don't have to
keep repeating myself because everybody
knows it but um this is my first MOA be
gameplay on the map dome nice I just
haven't been able to get it I don't know
why maybe because I run around a lot and
you see here I duck down behind this
wall because if they're in that room
they can see your head poking out so
when i'm always going up to that doorway
that's one tip I can give you on the map
dome is I always duck down so they can't
see your head because they will be
waiting for you when you walk through
that doorway but like I said I haven't
got one on this map I try and play it a
little bit slower I guess you could call
it a little campy I do a set up shop
here in the dome in a minute and get a
couple of my kills but like I said I do
play a little bit slower trying to use
my brain a little bit more use the
mini-map try and figure out where
spawning and I'm using that gun the
ak-47 with kick and silencer it's pretty
damn good weapon as powerful as I'll my
first three perks were stalker until a
you know two straight back and forth
faster I had on hard line and I had on a
sleight of hand i run sleight of hand
pretty much on every one of my classes I
just hate not being able to reload I die
so many times mid reload it's it's it's
absolutely crazy so if I'll if you look
at all the first perks you know sleight
of hand saves me more than any of the
other ones um gets me more kills nothing
that doesn't get me more kills because
you know if you think about it extreme
condition it might get you a couple
kills off the beginning and it gets you
any action faster but in my opinion
sleight of hand is a lot better just for
the simple fact that you don't have
unlimited sprint it's only for longer
distance which is totally retarded I
don't know why they couldn't just left
you know marathon pro him because I love
marathon pro because I like to flank a
lot you'll notice in a lot of my videos
I flank get a lot of shots in the back
just makes it for a lot easier gunfights
because if you know if they don't know
you're there there's no way they're
going to turn out well unless you have
terrible aim the ship
no way they can turn around and kill you
and right here i'm pretty sure coming
out of the dome I see my teammates on
the left so I'm kind of waiting it out
here waiting for him because they know
I'm there because I was in there before
I took out like three or four of them so
I didn't want to stay there too long now
I noticed my team pushes up and a guy
gets kid with the predator missle so I
start heading back towards the building
and Wi-Fi be flag if you play domination
so yeah I'm just taking them one by one
you know I see that all my teammates are
behind me so I'm figuring knew the
spawning right here or inside a little
the bunker I guess you could call it
where see flag is coming up here is the
last kill from MOA be and I did play a
little defensive sock ahead and push up
and earn this last kill I don't want to
wait for him typically I don't like to
do that but like I said on this map dome
you know for some reason I just couldn't
couldn't get in them away be but you
know I got that accomplished and that's
all taken care of but I will put my
Twitter in the description make sure you
guys follow me on twitter I'll have
updates and things i'll be doing in the
future i hope you guys enjoyed this have
a nice day